# A-B-Test-Experiment-for-Netflix-Website

Netflix is a multi-billion dollar internet streaming company that hosts an extensive library of tv- shows, movies, and documentaries. A core concern within Netflix is that such variety can cause choice paralysis amongst its users. The more time a user spent browsing, and trying to decide what to watch, the more likely they are to ultimately lose interest and choose not to watch anything at all. To address this issue, we could use A/B experimentation to optimize Netflix’s website to reduce the time spent browsing and consequently prevent users from being dissatisfied and leaving.

To do this, I experimented with different configurations of the following website features; tile size, match score, preview length, and preview type. A 2k factorial analysis was performed to identify which features significantly affect the user browsing time, and subsequently use partial F- test analysis to statistically verify the results. Following this we could find the approximate optimum feature values using second order response surface optimization methods and improve the accuracy of these optimum feature value predictions by performing a localized pairwise t-test grid search.

In summary, this project was created to find the optimum feature values that could minimize the average time users spent on browsing Netflix website. To achieve this goal, A/B experimental analysis was designed by varying four design features of the Netflix website, including tile size, match score, preview length, and preview type. Upon performing a 2k factorial analysis, response surface optimization, and pairwise t-test grid search, I could conclude that tile size does not affect user browsing time and that the optimum values for match score, preview length, and preview type are 75%, 74s, and teaser trailer preview respectively.
